[Music]
do you have a friend who used to hang
out with but now your chat has been
inactive for months what started as
awkward how are yous and one-line
answers slowly turned into less and less
activity until you both gave up and
moved on looking for old chats I
realized that I lost different kinds of
friends I lost one of my best friends
close friends who I wish I could talk to
again like we used to a few years ago
and friends who I never missed this
video is for all of them
[Music]
dear ex best friend from high school I
wish I knew how your life is going I
wish I could see your smile again and go
swimming with you and laugh about boys
you used to like but you have a new best
friend and so do i but it will never be
the same you were so different than me
always asking people to hang out and
having ideas for things to do you craved
social interaction and my introvert
itself did not but you accepted that and
left me anyway I don't think I miss you
at least not the you you are now I think
I just miss us the old us the one I can
look back at in my box of photos from
high school the F that went on vacations
together and knew each other's homes
like their own they asked a joke
together and chatted about everything
and nothing this version of us belongs
in a past where we were ripped jeans on
the daily and where my curls were an
insecurity I tried to hide from the
world
I don't miss the us we were at the end
we grew out of our friendship and into
adulthood putting a continent between us
was certain to be a tough test for our
friendship
but I really thought we would make it
through our final awkward how our use
didn't do a friendship justice I don't
know which one of us stop trying to
force a conversation
I still can't bring myself to open our
old chats because I'm scared of the
memories hurting too much but sometimes
I wonder what would have happened if we
had tried a little harder I don't know
if it would have changed anything but I
would feel better knowing I did
everything I could to save our
friendship I'm sorry that I didn't I
know that we ended up having nothing to
say to each other but I think I should
have told you that I love you
I still do we will probably never be
friends again but I learned a lot from
you and our friendship changed me for
the better I met you when I just left a
private school where all that mattered
were the brands that you wore and you
taught me that those things don't matter
at all your integrity inspired me to be
better I'm grateful for what you taught
me and I hope you're doing well wherever
you are in life lots of love Elena
[Music]
to the front who I never really knew I
don't even know if we're still friends
or if we ever really were we just hung
out because our friends hang out and we
were brought along like the speakers but
a terrible rap music we used to listen
to
I miss your calm voice and away used to
joke about your stress I miss the way
you make me comfortable because when we
were brought along to big events we
faded into the background
we were never two people ever showed up
for but it didn't matter because we had
great conversations anyway we never
really met up by ourselves and I don't
think I ever texted you outside a group
chat but you nonetheless know stuff some
of my friends don't you were so easy to
talk to I miss stuff and I miss your
stories about people I'd never meet but
you would describe the characters with
such precision that it felt like I knew
them too
I wish we had met differently by
ourselves maybe that would have changed
things I haven't talked to you in months
but I wish I had love Elena
[Music]
- the ones I don't miss I heard of fake
friends long before I realized I had
some and that I've probably been one -
son you were the ones who didn't care
about me that made me care about you and
I did in hindsight I see what was wrong
with us when a friend never asks you how
you're doing but instead only tells you
about them and asks for favors
you're not your friend for a long time I
thought I couldn't tell you that I don't
want to be a friend anymore because how
would that make you feel would it crush
you the sad truth is keeping you as a
friend did that exact thing to me and so
at some point I cut you out of my life I
didn't do it to clean an adult way
instead I simply replied to your texts
days later and sometimes ignored them
all together I did it's a coward like
way because I was more invested in your
emotions than you were in mine to all
the people I've lost by cutting them out
of my life I don't think I lost you I
think I gained something by getting rid
of you I don't miss you and I don't
think you're missing me Ivor you needed
to leave my life to make space for
better people thank you for leaving
and for teaching me that I deserve to
have people in my life who care about me
I hope you're being a better friend to
someone else Elena
[Music]
you